Add new spacing-fixed tokens to Spacing foundation (#6117)
jpmorganchase/salt-ds: site/docs/foundations/spacing.mdx

> Fixed spacing offers tokens with values that stay the same across all densities. For instance, `--salt-spacing-fixed-100` is consistently 1px, and `--salt-spacing-fixed-200` is 2px, no matter the density. This provides a stable reference for design elements needing uniform spacing, ensuring consistency and simplicity within the design system.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Fixed spacing provides tokens with values that remain constant across all densities. For example, `--salt-spacing-fixed-100` always equals 1px, and `--salt-spacing-fixed-200` always equals 2px, regardless of the selected density. These tokens offer a reliable reference for design elements that require uniform spacing, helping to ensure consistency and simplicity throughout the design system.
```
